README.md, before:

# Project Title

This project was started to enable control of Mini-Circuits Rudat 6000 programmable RF attenuators. Windows support for these devices is moderately good however Linux support was poor. The official documentation requires the user to write their own code to communicate using USB. I have developed this simple command line tool to control Rudat 600 attenuators, however it should be a good starting point for other USB attenuators from Mini-Circuits.

## Getting Started

These instructions will let you build, install and execute the rudatctrl command line application.

The code has been tested on Raspberry Pi 2,3 and 4.

### Prerequisites

The following components are needed to build the code base

sudo apt-get install libusb-dev libusb-1.0.0-dev libudev-dev libhidapi-dev libserial-dev

### Building

The code is so simple a makefile is not necessary. Build using the following command line

g++ -std=c++11 -o rudatctrl -g main.cpp rudat_6000_90_attenuator.cpp -lusb -lhidapi-hidraw

### Installing

sudo cp rudatctrl /usr/local/bin

### Examples

Rudatctrl requires low level hardware access, and as such must normally be run as as super user (sudo).

List the serial number of all attached rudat 6000 attenuators:

rudatctrl --list

Read the attenuation of an attenuator

rudatctrl -s 123456789

Set the attenuation of an attenuator to 45 db

rudatctrl -s 123456789 -a 45

## Contributing

Any contributions warmly appreciated. It would be good to hear if this code was useful.

## Authors

Richard Webb of MD1 Technology, Cheltenham Film Studios, Cheltenham.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

added installing cxxopts to the README

README.md, after:

# Project Title

This project was started to enable control of Mini-Circuits Rudat 6000 programmable RF attenuators. Windows support for these devices is moderately good however Linux support was poor. The official documentation requires the user to write their own code to communicate using USB. I have developed this simple command line tool to control Rudat 600 attenuators, however it should be a good starting point for other USB attenuators from Mini-Circuits.

## Getting Started

These instructions will let you build, install and execute the rudatctrl command line application.

The code has been tested on Raspberry Pi 2,3 and 4.

### Prerequisites

The following components are needed to build the code base

sudo apt-get install libusb-dev libusb-1.0.0-dev libudev-dev libhidapi-dev libserial-dev

In addition you must install the cxxopts header:
git clone https://github.com/jarro2783/cxxopts.git
sudo cp cxxopts/include/cxxopts.hpp /usr/local/include

### Building

The code is so simple a makefile is not necessary. Build using the following command line

g++ -std=c++11 -o rudatctrl -g main.cpp rudat_6000_90_attenuator.cpp -lusb -lhidapi-hidraw

### Installing

sudo cp rudatctrl /usr/local/bin

### Examples

Rudatctrl requires low level hardware access, and as such must normally be run as as super user (sudo).

List the serial number of all attached rudat 6000 attenuators:

rudatctrl --list

Read the attenuation of an attenuator

rudatctrl -s 123456789

Set the attenuation of an attenuator to 45 db

rudatctrl -s 123456789 -a 45

## Contributing

Any contributions warmly appreciated. It would be good to hear if this code was useful.

## Authors

Richard Webb of MD1 Technology, Cheltenham Film Studios, Cheltenham.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
